From:	"Daniel Faucitt" <dan@regima.com>
Sent:	10/10/2025 15:46:39
To:	"Jacqui Faucitt" <jax@regima.zone>
Subject:	This clause is incorrect

This clause is incorrect:
"48. In respect of JF5, this agreement provided that all three parties (the Applicant, myself and the Second Respondent) would undergo psychiatric evaluations by mid-October 2025 and drug screening (hair-follicle tests) by early October 2025. The professionals conducting the assessments were to be jointly selected by the parties’ attorneys, or failing agreement, appointed by the Gauteng Family Law Forum, and each party would bear their own costs. The resulting reports would be furnished to the attorneys."
To the best of our knowledge these amendments were made in the last few minutes between our final reading and review of the documents and our signing of the documents. The attorneys said they needed to check with the applicant if everything was acceptable and then printed copies for signing. Daniel asked "Has anything changed?" to which the attorneys responded "No, we just added the details for the attorneys." which we interpreted to mean the contact details or similar. The details for the attorneys actually changed things fundamentally where every instance of "parties" was replaced with "parties' attorneys" and the Gauteng Family Law Forum was never mentioned. If these factors had been raised in discussion we would have explained again that we are tax residents and our legal capacity is limited to economic agreements and taxation. We are UK citizens and cannot vote or engage in ZA civil procedures in general. The reason there was a second agreement was for the sole purpose of satisfying these requirements with a private agreement of voluntary participation between the parties. There was also no mention of additional services being provisioned without term limits on scope or duration, it was understood to be a once-off event. There was especially no mention of "treatments" of an unspecified nature being decided arbitrarily by any professional who generates an excuse to charge for their opinion in an unspecified scope.