From:	"Jacqui Faucitt" <jax@regima.zone>
Sent:	28/09/2025 12:37:38
To:	"Daniel Faucitt" <dan@regima.com>
Subject:	interdict part 2 JAX

COURT ONLINE COVER
Page 1 PERSONAL DETAILS CORRECT
NOTICE OF MOTION TO BE OPPOSED
Page 2 Part A
1.	2.  2.1
2.	Part A, part B

Bank cards were removed or cancelled or taken over by Peter and his bookkeeper.

No new bank accounts have been opened and there has been total compliance with the interdict.

2.3, 2.4, 2.5, 2.6, 2.7, 2.8, 2.8.1

FORENSIC INVESTIGATION – this is what Jacqueline and Daniel have requested so many times, showing Peter evidence of fraud and he ignores it.  He is very afraid of being audited by SARS, we do not know why but possibly as he knows the bookkeeper ‘may’ be involved. 
Peter stated Rynette can help him with an audit, which is supposed to be an independent audit

Page 5 PART B NOTICE OF MOTION 8.1 Page 6

8.1, 8.2 PETER and RYNETTE FARRAR to be declared delinquent.  Peter to be disqualified as a Director

           Page 7
Any delays at due to Daniel and Jacqueline being referred to the wrong attorneys ENS Africa, who wasted time and misled us badly

Page 10 FOUNDING AFFIDAVIT
Pages 10,11,12

These statements are denied, and are definitely False.  Peter does NOT have any knowledge of REGIMA SKIN TREATMENTS neither does RYNETTE FARRAR, bookkeeper, no skin knowledge and can cause massive harm to patients and the company financially.  They should not have any power regarding this company and Peter must be disqualified for the safety  of patients  There is a conflict  of interest with this  REGIMA  and Rynette Farrar, plus Peter has allowed Rynette to take over   the registered trademark for REGIMA,  e-mail addresses whose son , Darren Farrar,has a packaging company
PLUS RYNETTE  CANCELLED ALL THE RegImA e-mail addresses at RegimA offices, her son has a packaging company and she informed the full REGIMA database to use a different e-mail address , guiding everyone to her and her son
Peter knows about all this and so should be disqualified as a Director as he is allowing Rynette to guide yet another of the RegimA companies towards liquidation.  He has severely neglected  his fudiciary duties and is incapable of running any company any longer now he has retired.

3.5.1  PAGE 4  REGIMA WORDWIDE DISTRIBUTION
Peter should be removed from this company.  This company was opened and run by DANIEL FAUCITT.  Peter is not cognitively capable of running this company.  Daniel is an Electrical and Electronic Engineer, focusing on automation. Daniel also holds a degree in APPLIED MATHEMATICS  honours, Cum Laude so is extremely qualified to run this company and make it successful again.  Unfortunately, Rynette the bookkeeper, has managed to move almost all of the funds out of that company.  It must be remembered that Peter does not use a computer and does none of the banking, he allows Rynette to do all the banking of all the RegimA companies.  He even gave Rynette all his personal banking logins, even investment accounts, plus all the RegimA Global accounts which before contained US Dollars and Euros.  Peter must be disqualified as a Director and the bookkeeper must stop immediately doing any and all bank transactions as she is going to drain them all.
3.6.1

VILLA VIA  ARCADIA  This is the REGIMA SKIN OFFICE BUILDING PURCHASED approximately 11 years ago by JACQUELINE AND PETER FAUCITT.  Peter now has Rynette conducting all financial transactions and she  has very quickly put this, once extremely financially viable account, into a poor state.

3,7.1 STRATEGIC LOGISTICS CC  This is a company started and owned by DANIEL FAUCITT.  It is the company owned and used by Daniel for procurement of raw materials and packaging.  There is a conflict  of interest with this and Rynette Farrar, plus Peter has allowed Rynette to take over.  But her son has a packaging  and she and her son are running an online cosmetic company which Peter has also been purchasing packaging from.

Page 14 ABSA BANK
Peter has never received logins FOR ABSA.
A credit card was ordered for Daniel Faucitt but it was never delivered to him.  We do not know who is holding and using that card?

CIPC Rynette has contacted the person who the company deals with at the CIPC..
CLARE.CMA@MWEBBIZ.CO.ZA <mailto:CLARE.CMA@MWEBBIZ.CO.ZA>   Rynette contacted Clare who infomed me that Rynette requested all the CIPC documents plus the SHARE HOLDER DOCUMENTS.  This is information that should only be shared between Peter and I and thank goodness that Clare is very ethical and informed me.  

7.4 Page 16, 7.18 False statement by Peter.  He did not have to authorise anything in our company accounts, but we gave him the respect of informing him, but he still repeatedly forgot, as can be seen in the interdict, over and over.
Every payment made has been explained  and it was taken as a company loan, which Peter knows very well and has unfortunately yet again, forgotten.  The payment to Daniel Faucitt of R500,000 was made to Daniel (who is the person who started that company and it was viable when he ran it. because, as Peter was informed several times, but maybe he cannot remember, this was because Daniel had been paying for the sustainment of platforms such as Shopify, so he could continue paying  for creditors,from his personal account to keep the companies going.  Despite Peter being informed numerous times, plus his bookkeeper confirming, he still put a long statement into  his interdict so this is a very false statement, as he was told numerous times.  
There are so many instances of Peter being incapable of conducting his fiduciary duties.  Because it was paid over in July Peter made an assumption that it must be as gift.  No, that is nonsense,  Peter is for some reason that maybe he and his bookkeeper know, is trying to disqualify Danel and Jacqueline but he is the incompetent one with the help of his bookkeeper.  Daniel has his 2 professional degrees and Jacqui Faucitt was a nurse, then studied medical science, human physiologyy.  Pete at age 73 and retired, is going to only rely on Rynette, bookkeeper -WHY?  As he has said so many times – HE CANNOT DO IT WITHOUT HER!!  ?? WHY, she is  a bookkeeper!!

There was little source of income at that time as Peter had my personal account frozen as well as all the company accounts.  This woman, Rynette Farrar, was then in control of all our finances,  terrible. 
8,8 is a blatant lie about the money from J Faucitt.  It must be noted that all the RegimA Global Accounts have been drained by Rynette Farrar.

The audit, was requested by Daniel so many times, but no requests from Peter to investigate Rynette Farrar.  Peter is being hoodwinked, mainly because he has a probable memory problem, which is getting worse by the day.
Daniel  has requested many times during 2025 that Rynette has made so many fraudulent action,s so she needs to be audited. As she has submitted fraudulent documents to SARS and to other financial companies.
9.1  Rynette Farrar to be investigated  due to enormous fraudulent activity in all the REGIMA bank accounts.  This was pointed out to Danie Bantjie who has done nothing and said he was going on holiday when most of the fraud was brought to light.  He needs to be called to court to question in the court and answer that he received the extensive reports from Daniel.  

9.3 Rynette to be investigated on all her fraudulent transactions, which are numerous.  Only in the week ending Friday, 26 September it was noted that RYNETTE had removed millions from the FIRST NATIONAL BANK accounts, which were always controlled by JACQUELINE FAUCITT.Peter was informed.  Jacqueline stated she was going to go to the REGIMA OFFICES to ask RYNETTE about all the money.  Peter came back to the house and threatened Jacqueline if she was to attempt to go to the office that he would go beserk and prevent her from going and reminded Jacqueline about the interdict.  This conduct is shocking and frightening so Jacqueline did not pursue it.

Why would Peter at age 73, be defending this woman who ‘stole’ the RegimA brand and the e-mails and the money – Why?, so she has given the REGIMA IP away to her son and her for the company they share online. 10.5.

For Peter to claim Daniel, who  holds an electrical engineering / automation degree and a degree in Applied Mathematics, honours, cum laude degree, Peter and Jacqueline, both much higher qualified than the bookkeeper, to state we are  delinquent, which is extremely offensive, especially because Rynette has taken so much from our companies. 10.5.1,10.2  Why is he defending this slightly qualified woman, who is bleeding the REGIMA companies dry?

10.6.1.2.3 Peter has put his own interests before any of the companies and with 
Rynette, boonkkeeper,  Peter is guilty of wilful gross misconduct and must be disqualified as a Director as he has neglected his fiduciary duties.10.10.1.  which is probably because of a lapse in memory, which RYNETTE is taking full advantage of.
Peter has been told and shown evidence of the financial fraud conducted by Rynette.  It must be remembered that Peter does not and cannot use a computer, and cannot do anything financial.
The statements where Peter is claiming his wife and son are negligent are blatant lies as he tries to cover for all the fraud committed by the bookkeeper.  We request the court to please look at the true evidence, not Peter’s brain-fog lies, considering he cannot use a computer and so does no banking whatsoever, she is totally in control of REGIMA banking.
We need Peter to put the accounts back to what they were before the interdict as there are MILLIONS more now missing, which he needs to explain but won’t be able to do so.

11.6
The UK REGIMA COMPANY IS CONTROLLED AND RUN BEAUTIFULLY BY Daniel Faucitt as it is automated and he has a team of staff who have been with REGIMA for many years.  The automating platforms have been run by Daniel, so RegimA SA OWES UK money for the automation and running fees

11.9  Peter has nothing to do with the UK company so knows zero about it.  He owes money but is just once again making claims that cannot be substantiated.

12.1, 14.3,14.5

The UK COMPANY  is fully automated and runs smoothly.  Peter just chooses not to hear how it works but instead likes to make claims.  Unfortunately, it was Peter who signed a 20 year agreement with a Belgian business man and left Daniel to try and sort out the mess left by Peter.  Ask him to prove the documents and the moniees he cost the UK company. When did Peter last go to the UK , meet the staff and inspect the fulfilment house where the stock is held.  It is busy in the UK but Peter would not know as he would not remember the next day, sadly

AD Interdicts in the notice of motion
In this respect Peter is not telling the truth.  All these statements are nonsense.  Financial investigation.  This must be done of the bookkeeper in SA as she has misappropriated millions, including the money left by Kayla Pretorius, Daniel’s partner who was murdered, which can be verified.  Money that Kayla inherited from her late father has been misappropriated by RYNETTE as well.  This was shown several times to Peter, with no action.
16.2 what does Peter know about the UK business?  Nothing
Peter is still talking about the 5,000 in SA (company loan from Daniel’s company) although it has been explained so many times – 
16.4 
Why does Peter still claim to be in a state of Shock, that will be his dementia as IT IS A BLATANT LIE.  Daniel and Jacquelin are still in shock because of the horrendous theft by bookkeeper, Rynette Farrar.  He is trying to cause a smoke screen to cover for Rynette as there are millions now missing from our SA accounts.  This is following the shock of the Friday afternoon when the Sheriff came to the door and Peter thought it was very funny to inform Jacqueline the Sheriff was there for her in the kitchen.  He claimed not to know he was coming, another lie and very funny to Peter.
16.3 16.8, 16.9  It must be noteworthy that every day that passes whilst Rynette is in our REGIMA offices not being overseen, exposed to REGIMA accounts, then she is trying to delete all the audit trails, to try and eliminate as much of the evidence as possible.  Even though Peter has seen so much evidence of her fraud, he refuses  to suspend her
16.3 the funds leaving the accounts is all from the actions of RYNETTE, proven.16.10, 16.11  RYNETTE IS THE ONE CONCEALING REGIMA monies
The Honourable court with respect must please note that only RYNETTE, the bookkeeper has been able to see the accounts as they are now on PASTEL that neither DANIEL, nor JACQUELINE are privvy to, 16.11
Rynette has hidden fortunes of RegimA money within some of the RegimA accounts accounts, which can and will be proven.

NOTICE OF MOTION 13.2 Peter has not been financially prejudiced by his actions as his bookkeeper has been transferring REGIMA monies into different accounts on a daily basis and until she is suspended or removed all the REGIMA money will be taken by her.  Daniel and Jacqueline therefore ask the HONOURABLE court to consider the correct and true evidence, which can be proven, and set aside this interdict, which appears to be a work of fiction as most of it is untrue.

17.
There is no good reason for the honourable court to consider Peter’s jumbled requests as he is trying to cover for his dereliction of his Directoral/fiduciary duties, which he has sadly, we believe because of his lapses of memory, has put into the hands of a bookkeeper who is not a Director, or Member of any of the REGIMA companies, and only an employee of one, where she has caused major destruction to REGIMA SKIN TREAMENTS, owed and always run by JACQUELINE FAUCITT and which, for 33 year has been extremely successful, until he allowed RYNETTE FARRAR to have financial control and signed the TRADEMARK and DOMAIN over to her son!!.  A shocking dereliction of duty by Peter.